pwd prints the absolute path name of the current working directory ls Display the contents list of your current directory. cd changes the working directory to the user’s home directory. ls -l Display current directory contents in a long format. ls -a -l Display current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .). Using the long format. ls -l -n -a Display current directory contents in long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically and hidden files (starting with .). mkdir /tmp/my_first_directory Create a script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory. mv /tmp/betty /tmp/my_first_directory moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory. rm /tmp/my_first_directory/betty deletes the file betty rm -r /tmp/my_first_directory deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory cd - changes the working directory to the previous one ls -al . .. /boot lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format file /tmp/iamafile prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script ln -s /bin/ls ls create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named ls. The symbolic link should be created in the current working directory. cp -R .html ../ copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory mv [[:upper:]] /tmp/u Create a script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u rm *~ Create a script that deletes all files in the current working directory that end with the character ~. mkdir -p welcome/to/schoolCreate a script that creates the directories welcome/, welcome/to/ and welcome/to/school in the current directory. ls -map Write a command that lists all the files and directories of the current directory, separated by commas (,).
